Sherlock Holmes’ succinct description, but the locality appeared to be
Sherlock Holmes’ quick eye took in my occupation, and he shook his head
Sherlock Holmes and I surveyed this curt announcement and the rueful
Sherlock Holmes was not very communicative during the long drive and
Sherlock Holmes had sprung out and seized the intruder by the collar.
Sherlock Holmes sat silent for a few minutes with his fingertips still
Sherlock Holmes clapped his hands softly together and chuckled.
Sherlock Holmes was transformed when he was hot upon such a scent as
Sherlock Holmes took a folded paper from his pocket and flattened it
Sherlock Holmes was wrong in his conjecture, however, for there came a
Sherlock Holmes sat for some time in silence, with his head sunk
Sherlock Holmes closed his eyes and placed his elbows upon the arms of
Sherlock Holmes was already at breakfast when I came down.
Sherlock Holmes seemed to be embarrassed by the question. “Frankly,
Sherlock Holmes sprang out of his chair as if he had been galvanised.
Sherlock Holmes sat down beside him on the couch and patted him kindly
Sherlock Holmes laughed. “Here is the foresight,” said he putting his
Sherlock Holmes had opened his mouth to reply, when the door flew open,
Sherlock Holmes sat up with a whistle. “By Jove, Peterson!” said he,
Sherlock Holmes glanced sharply across at me with a slight shrug of his
Sherlock Holmes looked deeply chagrined. He drew a sovereign from his
Sherlock Holmes hailed a four-wheeler which was passing. “In that case
Sherlock Holmes standing, fully dressed, by the side of my bed. He was
Sherlock Holmes had been leaning back in his chair with his eyes closed
Sherlock Holmes and I had no difficulty in engaging a bedroom and
Sherlock Holmes, for solution during the years of our intimacy, there
Sherlock Holmes was, as I expected, lounging about his sitting-room in
Sherlock Holmes leaned back in his chair and laughed heartily.
Sherlock Holmes. “It is always a joy to meet an American, Mr. Moulton,
Sherlock Holmes sat silent for some few minutes, with his brows knitted
Sherlock Holmes took it up and opened the bureau.
Sherlock Holmes had been silent all the morning, dipping continuously
